hey guys so today I wanted to show you
guys a look using um two products that I
just recently picked out that I've been
loving so much um the first is NARS pers
move Persia shadow and I kind of found
out about this because um Shan EXO
showed it in a video and I was like I
have to have that the second product
that I picked up recently and I've been
just loving so much is this Stila eyes
are the window shadow palette in Seoul
there's four pallets um and they are all
kind of like different colors but
they're all fairly neutral except for
one is like some blues and purples and
stuff like that in it but this one god
bless I'm loving this so anyway yeah I
hope you guys like it and that's it
let's jump in good okay so I don't have
a mirror okay so I'm going to start with
what is she gonna start with Peach
Smoothie on the Sigma e-40 brush peach
smoothies back don't worry guys it's
okay everything's temporary I'm just
going to be bringing that into the
crease it's going to act as our
transitional stages this is a
transitional shade as always next one
it's where the funk brush go homie next
I'm just going to take a matte white
shadow and apply it carefully to the
brow bone trying not to get it on my
brow and we're just going to put that on
the brow bone and kind of gently sweep
over Peach Smoothie with that and this
is just what brushes this 2:34 zoeva so
next i'm going to be taking this color
called individual from my Stila palette
and I'm going to use my zoeva 228 brush
and we're just going to darken up the
crease a little bit with that and you
can kind of bring it closer to the inner
corner than I personally normally would
because well I mean you'll find out why
you'll find out why I don't don't you
worry girl I got you I got you
Oh PS look at this
next I'm gonna be taking the color of
Persia from nars which let's be real I
only bought this because Shan did and
I'm using a Sonia Kashuk 1/16 brush and
I'm just going to Pat it kind of onto
the outer third of the eye just kind of
lightly diffusing it towards the center
so basically you want to apply your
brush where you want the most product
and then blend it in words instead of
you know like placing it right here and
then you'll have the most deposit right
there place it more towards the outer
corner of the eye and then start to kind
of work inwards when your brush has a
little bit less product on it and then
I'm also going to place this on the
inner third of the eye oh you could
probably use a smaller brush for this if
you want to make life easier but I like
challenge once in a while so I'm just
gonna do it with this one oh my god this
is the best color um so yeah just kind
of packing that color on until it's as
bright as I want it to be and then I'm
going to use my zoeva 228 brush to blend
it out we want to keep the center fairly
free of color but if you do blend over
it it's not that big of a deal
nobody's nobody's counting shots you
know next I'll be taking the color
character from my guru character from my
Stila palette and I'm just going to kind
of put it in the outer corner but even
less so than we did with the NARS Persia
because we just want it to be like the
tiniest bit that we're gonna deepen up
that outer corner and this brush is like
a no-name brush that I got when I was in
school I have no idea what it is but
it's one of them off favorite moving
right along just packing on that color
in the outer corner here and then I'm
gonna take that same Sonia Kashuk brush
as before and
kind of just start to blend it out with
that I love this brush this brushes
brush is real this is real life to me
it's true love this is what true love is
just taking a little bit more of that
color to deepen it up even just a little
bit more on an even smaller brush and
then again just blending that out I'm
using my zoeva 228 brush don't worry all
my Martha names one day guys so next
I'll be taking the color kitten from my
Stila palette which is very similar to
makeup geeks a shimma shimma color and
I'm going to pack that on to the center
of my eye oh my god I love this color so
much why you so pretty and then I'm
going to take my Sonia Kashuk brush and
just kind of start to diffuse the edges
of that color a little bit I'm a little
bit easier than I thought it would be
okay well I guess we done I'll be taking
that same Sonia Kashuk brush and a
little bit more of NARS Persia and I'm
just going to bring it under the lower
lash line and I'm using a bit of a
bigger brush for this because I want it
to just be dragged down a really low and
then I'll be taking the color character
again from my Stila palette and this
what brush is this come on you can
remember the Sam you got this girl which
one is that I'm though it's um
Oh Sigma II 20 and I'm just gonna bring
that dark brown color on it Oh code on
the lower lash line and then I'm going
to take my no-name brush again and just
kind of start to diffuse that color a
little bit into our NARS Persia oh god
these two colors are not connected at
all hold on just gonna go on without my
little brush come on man get it together
so next I'm just going to apply my
lashes I believe these are Kelsey and
maybe Ashley from flutter lashes stacked
so that is the finished eyelook here's
this look with a more berry colored lip
for fall and here it is with a nude lip
which is slightly more wearable but what
is wearable anyway so that's so that's
everything I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and learn something cool today let
me know what you'd like to see next in
the comments below and I'll get back to
you at some point okay bye